the slums of the big town has packed
with drama and danger as the squalid
streets of some native quarter in the
heart of this melting pot of crime
stands an oasis where one man struggles
against the forces that turned his loved
ones to lives of violence and shame into
this atmosphere walks the most ruthless
character you have ever seen on the
screen a killer returning to the slums
that nurtured him and to the man who
strangely enough had been his boyhood
comrade from the meeting of this strange
pair revolves the most devastating blast
of drama to hit the screams and public
enemy angels with dirty faces morning
gentlemen nice day but murder where's
Frasier where's that on a grand I think
we're gonna bail huh
thank me I don't get that dough in three
minutes he's gonna be splashed all over
the best hideout in town I'm gonna use
your case as a crowbar to pry open and
uncover this cesspool I'm gonna force
the law corrupt enough to indict and
prosecute and bring the light of day
this entire filthy mess
asking questions again huh I said
somebody days you want to stick your
nose and you're gonna get something in
it
well I only thought it will shatter
nothing you don't know anything about
this see no no I don't know nothing but
you do know what guys get to talk yes
Lori we both love it
I've loved him since we were kids six
years old why are you trying to send him
to prison for life you can't do that to
Rocky
I won't let you you see Lori as all
those other kids in the streets whom I
don't want to see grow up like rocky did
you see Lori they have lives too I can't
throw some of them pick me up at my home
he's got everything that was in my safe
account books receipts names addresses
bank books everything if he's prosecuted
for this kidnapping he'll talk I'm
taking care of this job myself get
Blackie up get away now listen Mike I
don't care how you handle Sullivan but
it's got to look like an accident with
that priest leave that to me
all right give him the tear gas
rocky what are you doing up here go on
get out of here PA
what's the matter what you want to get
to school pull ahead I told you Miss
Martin is trying to stick a kiss in a
place like this I couldn't stand by and
watch him shoot you down
you